hey folks outlawed 2747 here I'm just
smooth with news philadelphia eagles
have lost a game too many details box
I'm not really in the sports and I did
the football basketball baseball
anything like that but reason i made
this video is because not just because
the news fox but it's because of what
happens when teens do lose my thing is
okay you're a fan of football basketball
baseball any of those teams of stuff in
your room phone that's great it's great
you're a fan it's great that you know
you are diehard fan it's great that you
love your team in your city and it's
kind it's okay when you get mad when
they lose they all depends on how you
get mad I've heard stories and read in
papers and stuff about people men and
women going off the deep end literally
because their team lost the Super Bowl
or the world series of a playoff so what
have you and it's like oh wait wait if
anybody should be really pissed off it
should be the people who played the game
cuz one they followed up or two you know
they just went on their game and three
they don't want to making the money
they're the ones getting the awards
everyone's going to get chewed out by
their peers anyone's going to be chewed
out by their coaches and stuff to
provide entertainment for these people
so they're the ones that should be
really pissed off you know and then you
know they suck it up and drive on us
you're a fan your only job is to rooslin
you're not bringing them water you're
not the case you're not the player take
it with you they lose you get mad okay
but no you have people who want to feed
on your spouse's beyond their kids they
want to drive homes from the stadium
that they just watch their team lose
from and then you know go to a rogue
ready to stop running people off the
road or if you go to South America or
any other country in a soccer team they
lose oh they want to have a right they
want to stab people they want to shoot
people they want to get drunk and just
check people up it's a game people it's
a frickin game you played no part in it
but to
be a cheerleader from the stands or the
freaking TV it's not that bad they lose
they lose they win they win there's no
reason the gold to start destroying your
house and beating the crap out of people
and torturing little hamsters on
whatever have you whenever you get
pissed off on your team loses I mean
Jesus I'm a wrestling fan whenever John
Cena Artie would still lose in total I
like oh crap they lost on that something
else a ripoff it didn't go about my
business because you know what happens
happens I'm not going to go join 500
people in the middle of the street with
pitchforks and and what have you I just
start busting stuff okay I'm not going
to because I have no control over the
game I have no control over the match
ever throw over any of that stuff good
four boxes mom and mike tyson back in
the day people used to just put whenever
in the rare case that he lost paper
paper people it's sports and sports
enjoy it yes they lose it happens it's
no reason to end your life no reason and
other people clocks there's no reason to
destroy property it's no reason to get
drunk in it and just go off a tangent
it's a game it's a game it's a game how
much they'll have to emphasize it and I
bet you many times are still going to be
some knuckle dragger tonight or
somewhere down the line you know or
maybe one another sports event that's
going to get mad and beat up someone and
break something all because the team
lost again
a game
and what is up with my country I know
this private going on for years so I
just you know a sudden rising because I
know a lot of eagles fans a lot of
Phillies things all that stuff and when
they lose they lose hard I mean the I I
think the teams are like wow these
people really like isn't there that
pissed off and it means gonna beat the
crap out of somebody if your matter in
the team's themselves ma'am that's what
I got to say about people your team
loses they lost get mad but that's it
take it out on people you're not the one
playing just relax no comment want the
Eagles or whatever team to win so bad go
get yourself a PlayStation on xbox get
the game play as a team and like a win
and then maybe you'll feel better than
that I got nothing else to say I'll
offers that for seven people